[MUSIC]
Another requirement type, which falls
under the scope of the development team,
is a functional requirement.
A functional requirement is a behavior
that the product should do or support.
They can be expressed with inputs and
outputs and
a description of the behavior itself.
Imagine a client approaches
you with a proposed project.
They want a mobile point of sale product,
which takes credit card payments
through the client's
proprietary credit card reader.
It then sends a receipt back to
the user with the transaction details.
The client also mentions that this product
should meet the highest standards of
security, as well as visual design.
Remember, functional requirements
involve inputs and outputs.
So in this simple example, we have one
input, the data from the credit card
reader, and one output,
the receipt from the transaction.
So you could say the system must read
data from the credit card reader and
the system must also send
a transaction receipt to the end user.
Keep in mind that,
to keep things simple, we've removed
quite a few functional requirements.
One might imagine that the system should
take as input the transaction information
from the merchant.
Then, upon some confirmation action,
the system should present the buyer
with information about the transaction and
ultimately take their PIN information.
You could think of quite a few functional
requirements in the scope of this example.
Requirements can also have
a certain depth to them.
A functional requirement,
which states that a user should be able
to pay using a PIN pad, is not specific.
This could be broken into a few deeper,
more specific requirements,
like a user should be able to
swipe a debit or credit card.
A user will be able to insert a credit
card or debit card into a chip reader.
And a user will be able to enter their PIN
when their card has been swiped or
inserted.
If you don't get specific enough, this
could lead to problems in your planning.
You might think that you
have very little work to do
when really you actually have quite a bit.
This is something into which I'll dive
more in detail later in this course.
Just be aware that
requirements have depth.
One way to represent
functional requirements
is by using an information flow
diagram like you see here.
Information flow diagrams give you a
graphical way of displaying the data flow
and dependencies of all
the system components.
Basically, this is just how
individual components of the system
are stitched together.
This gives you an idea of how
the system functions as a whole.
An information flow diagram
provides the context
in which you can review
the whole thing logically.
If you would like to learn more
about information flow diagrams,
check out the course resources.
Imagine a scenario in which you're
building a not-for-profit organization
that rebuilds bicycles for
low-income commuters in your neighbourhood.
You receive bicycles from donors,
which are made of aluminum,
as well as money to buy tools.
You then use these things to
make the bikes work again and
deliver them to your customers.
Which of the following would be
considered the functional inputs and
outputs of this organization?
A. Input: Donated bicycles and
purchased tools, Output: Customers.
B. Input: Donated money,
Output: Working bicycles.
C. Input: Donated money and
bicycles, Output: Working bicycles.
Or D. Input: Aluminum from the bicycles,
and donated money,
Output: Working bicycles.
The answer here is C.
The organization receives money and
bicycles which it then repairs and
delivers to customers.
The inputs are donated bicycles and
money, because the tools are purchased
using the money donated.
These tools are then part of the process
which is used to fix the bicycles.